Introduction to fishing attack
cue-1
In today's digital age, phishing attacks have become increasingly
cue-2
common and sophisticated
cue-3
Cyber criminals use a variety of techniques to manipulate people into giving
cue-4
out their personal information, often relying on persuasion principles and
cue-5
social engineering tactics to trick victims.
cue-6
This course is designed to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of the
cue-7
persuasion principles used in phishing attacks and how to identify and protect
cue-8
yourself from such attacks.
cue-9
Through this course, you will gain valuable insights into the psychology of
cue-10
phishing attacks. Recognize common red flags and learn best
cue-11
practices for protecting your personal information online.